c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe.licenses
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.FormMain.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FormBase.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmSettingGenaral.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMembers.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe.config
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi-VN\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.FormMain.vi-VN.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\vi-VN\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Reports.ReportDanhSachDangVien.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmWait.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMemberDetail.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmStatistical.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMemberActivities.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe.config
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.pdb
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi-VN\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Extensions.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.pdb
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Catharsis.Commons.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.pdb
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\Yandex.Translator.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.xml
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Xpo.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraReports.v15.2.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v15.2.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.DataAccess.v15.2.UI.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\bin\Debug\vi\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v15.2.Wizard.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.FormMain.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FormBase.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMemberActivities.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMemberDetail.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmMembers.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmSettingGenaral.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmStatistical.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Reports.ReportDanhSachDangVien.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmWait.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.FormMain.vi-VN.resources
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe.licenses
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\vi-VN\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.resources.dll
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.exe
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.pdb
<<<<<<< HEAD
E:\VIEN\Dropbox\STUDY\C#\QuanLyDV\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmStatisticalNation.resources
=======
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmStatisticalNation.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmSysNation.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmSysReligion.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\ProjectQuanLyDangVien\obj\Debug\ProjectQuanLyDangVien.Forms.FrmSysCity.resources
>>>>>>> origin/master
